Master, we are here, let's go
1,400, your shelf is not small.
Who dares to drive over today's venue?
To demonstrate the offensive nature of this temple
We all came on foot
Even the manager of Wuhan University is not qualified
What right do you have?
Why do you want to see which big shot comes out?
Not a beautiful woman with a luxury car
People like you are not destined to become big people
Besides, this building chamber of commerce election
It was set because of me
I'm not coming. What do they choose?
Don't talk too much
Wait a minute.
I'm afraid you can't even get through this gate
Oh, my good big brother.
Look behind me
Look at yours again.
Doesn't this taste good?
Hahaha
Go inside.
Young Master, they made it clear that they came prepared
Ye Rulong now not only has the foil of shareholders
More support from the Zhang family
If we don't come up with enough means
It's the means. I have the means.
I'm afraid they won't be able to catch it
Come on.
Your Majesty, I promised you my marriage proposal
It is to sit in the wealthy family of southern Xinjiang
Not for cleaning
You are so at ease
Are you a man?